docs: update github connector desc (#105)
logto-io/connectors: packages/connector-github/README.md

Name your new OAuth application in **Application name** and fill up **Homepage URL** of the app.
You can leave **Application description** field blank and customize **Authorization callback URL** as `${your_logto_origin}/callback/${connector_id}`. The `connector_id` can be found on the top bar of the Logto Admin Console connector details page.

> > Note: If you encounter the error message "The redirect_uri MUST match the registered callback URL for this application." when logging in, try adjusting the protocol of the Homepage URL and callback URL to be the same (either both HTTPS or HTTP, even if one of the URLs does not support HTTP/HTTPS) to resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you encounter the error message "The redirect_uri MUST match the registered callback URL for this application." when logging in, try aligning the Authorization Callback URL of your GitHub OAuth App and your Logto App's redirect URL (of course, including the protocol) to resolve the issue.
```

为新 _OAuth 应用程序_ 取名，并填入「Application name」栏；并填写应用的网页地址「Homepage URL」。
你需要将 `${your_logto_origin}/callback/${connector_id}` 填写到「Authorization callback URL」栏；「Application description」栏可以选择留白。`connector_id` 在管理控制台相应连接器的详情页的顶栏中可以找到。

> > 注意：如果登录时报错 `The redirect_uri MUST match the registered callback URL for this application.`，可以尝试将 Homepage URL 和 callback URL 的协议调整为相同（同为 HTTPS 或 HTTP，哪怕其中一个 URL 不支持 HTTP/HTTPS）以解决该问题。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 注意：如果登录时报错 `The redirect_uri MUST match the registered callback URL for this application.`，可以尝试将 Authorization Callback URL 和 Logto App 的 Redirect URL 保持严格一致（包括协议类型）以解决该问题。
```
